Docs: Add a page in docs with step-by-step instructions on how to use Lumigator UI (#684)
mozilla-ai/lumigator: docs/source/get-started/ui-guide.md

# Using Lumigator UI
Lumigator comes with a web-based UI that allows you to interact with the Lumigator API. It is designed to be easy to use and to provide a quick way to get started with Lumigator.

## Getting Started

> Following the [installation guide](../get-started/installation.md), get Lumigator up and running from the command line:

Author: True, as the docs grow, it would be easier to maintain.

![Datasets Page](../../assets/ui_guide_steps/datasets_page.png)

Once the dataset is uploaded, it can be viewed as a row in the table in the **Datasets** section.

![Datasets Table](../../assets/ui_guide_steps/datasets_table.png)

## Create and Run an Experiment
Next we move on to the **Experiments** section. Start by clicking on the **Create Experiment** button.

![Experiments Page](../../assets/ui_guide_steps/experiments_page.png)

This will open a sidebar where you would specify which use case and dataset, and further experiment details. The maximum samples field defines the number of rows from the dataset to be used for the experiment, on which Lumigator would run inference and evaluation to generate results.

Below that, you have the option to select the models to be used for the experiment. Multiple models can be simultaneously selected.

| ![Experiment Fields](../../assets/ui_guide_steps/experiment_fields.png) | ![Model Selection](../../assets/ui_guide_steps/model_select.png) |
| --- | --- |

```{note}

> In order to be able to use API based models, you need to provide the respective API keys (`OPENAI_API_KEY` or `MISTRAL_API_KEY`) as environment variables before starting Lumigator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reminder: in order to be able to use API based models, you must have provided the respective API keys (`OPENAI_API_KEY` or `MISTRAL_API_KEY`) as environment variables before starting Lumigator. See more in the [installation guide](installation.md).
```

> ```console

Reviewer: ... And so we'd remove this, since we should refer them to a single point of instructions.
